So, what's the plan?
What?
What is the plan?
What are plants?
Which plants?
I don't know, they're jeans!
This is so stupid!
We could've just gone out
for a walk
and kept our voices down!
What?
All right, look.
So, Choak and Kannerman bought
your code,
and that's the guts
of Freeyond, right?
Yeah, it makes me sick.
But it means we have
home code advantage.
So, did you put in
any back doors?
Yes.
Yeah, I unlock
with my retina scan.
I mean, that could still work.
Right? Do I still have a retina?
I mean, I built your face
with photos and memories,
so...
Let me look.
You see anything?
Yeah.
I mean, I-I have to look closer.
Shit.
There's nothing good in there.
Okay, rude.
We need allies.
And the only ones I can think of
that would want in on this fight
are the Ludds.
I have to go back.
I mean, I guess it'll be nice
to see your boyfriend again.
- Ex-boyfriend.
Oh... no...
Shut up. I can't. Okay.
This is gonna be fun, yeah.
Yeah, it's great time for me
to be begging for help.
I don't love the sound of you
out in the woods
with some rejected weirdo creep.
I'll bring Ivan.
Yeah.
Now I feel much better.
Huh, what did I tell you?
Lookee, lookee.
Oh, my God.
Ooh, and it comes with
a state-of-the-art food printer.
Pretty great, right?
This is amazing.
And every room comes
with a massage wall.
Oh, fuck me.
This is what I am talking about.
This is seriously
your first time
in a low-level luxury apartment?
This is low-level?
You like it here, Leeshy?
Yeah. It is nice.
But I make $38,000 at both
Horizen and FalafelHa...
Gross. Gross, gross, gross.
I don't want to know that.
- Have some consideration.
- Sorry.
Let me share a little piece of
info with you, Leeshy.
You're promoted again.
VP, baby. VP life.
You're gonna make
a hundred grand a year,
and that's just for starters.
Next year, you should make
probably...
Wait, did you say $100,000?
And it's only uphill from here,
my Leeshy Martini.
New foods, new friends,
new world.
You ready?
Hell yeah.
Get this,
she literally slipped
and knocked her teeth out.
So, she was like...
She was like,
"Oh, God. Oh, my teeth!
Where are my teeth?"
Oh, my God. Who is this?
This is my cousin,
learning how to ride a bike.
- Idiot.
- Oh, my God.
Nice going, Abigail.
- She's nine.
- Aw.
I'm gonna be such a good mom.
- Right?
- Right on.
- Moms are hot.
Well, let's hope Nathan agrees.
You got to make me look real hot
for this digital-baby
doctor appointment.
Yes. Oh, God.
I'm gonna make you look so fire.
But wait, hottie,
aren't you still alive?
So no digi-baby for you, baby.
I just want Nathan to agree
to a digital baby.
That'll be proof that he's
committed to me
and my relationship with him.
Mm. Okay.
And then, I'm gonna tell him
that we can have a real baby
in real life,
because his body's almost done.
- Happy ending.
- Oh.
Yes, he'll be so happy
that he won't remember
you lied to him for months
and made him out of his mind
with guilt.
Okay, what your robobrain
can't process is
that Nathan wants a child,
and I will give him one.
So all the love that he feels
for that baby
is just gonna get, you know,
smeared together
with his feelings for me,
and then
the next thing he knows,
wedding bells in real life.
I'll be Mrs. Ingrid Brown,
IRL, bitch.
- Oh, that's my alarm.
Okay. I got to meet Nathan
at the doc's,
so just, like, finish the hair,
okay? Do it.
Wish me luck.
Man, I just feel
so guilty.
Oh, good God,
I can't even breathe.
Of course you don't want to have
a baby with Ingrid.
Although he would be
my great-grandson
if things worked out
with Mildred.
Not Ingrid. Nora.
Sending her back into danger.
I was just about to say, the
real question is Nora, right?
Yeah, this is gonna keep us
up at night.
Like a sleepover, huh?
I can't help her, so I have
to send her back to the Ludds.
What kind of man am I?
You are
Nathan motherfucking Brown.
Okay? You are the strongest,
bravest, smartest,
most brilliant man
I will ever know.
- And I would give
my left nut to be half...
- Luke.
Stop. You have to stop.
I told you it makes me
so uncomfortable.
- Sorry.
- Great.
- It's time.
Come meet me, Daddy.
Ew, you are not my child.
Well, I might be,
if you go to this appointment
on time.
- Leave me alone.
- Say you love me.
- No, don't do it, Nathan.
- I'm not.
Say it. Do it.
Hey, get the fuck out of here,
you little baby,
before I kick the shit
out of you.
- Geez.
He's creepy, right?
Gonna be seeing him
in my dreams.
No. No, no, no, no. No.
Your dreams are not
child-friendly.
They are now.
Aleesha set me to G Dream,
so I can only dream about
kittens and cotton candy
and rainbows and frozen yogurt.
Ouchie!
- It's bullshit.
- Maybe I should just have
a baby with Ingrid.
Right? If it wasn't for me,
she'd still be alive.
No more guilt. Okay?
You follow your heart.
You start by breaking up
with Ingrid.
Do it for you.
Then you grab your jammies,
you bunk down with me,
and we whisper all night
about what comes next.
You got it?
Yeah. No. Yeah. Yes.
Yeah, uh, I don't know.
I got it.
It's time.
- You go tell her, dude.
I'm gonna build a pillow wall
down the middle of my bed.
- Which side do you want?
- The couch.
That wasn't one of the...
options.
Y-You got stuff going on.
He's got stuff going on,
everybody.
I'm gonna put a baby
in you, Nathan Brown.
Hey, guys.
So, any questions
about the process?
Yeah. Can we make her eyes,
um, sparkle?
- Easy.
- Great.
Whose eyes should she have,
Nathan?
I don't know.
- Let's just say mine.
- Great.
Done. And now, who's going
to carry this digital baby?
- Not it.
- Uh...
So you, Nathan?
- No, thank you.
- Wha...
Baby, this is serious.
Okay? We're getting a baby.
Okay, uh, look.
Ingrid, you know how much
I care about you, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- I mean, you-you uploaded
for me.
Yes. Yep. I sure did.
But you also want me to be
truly happy, too, right?
Um...
Okay, okay.
What are you saying, Brownie?
I can't do this.
- Honey, honey. Hey, look at me.
- Mm-hmm.
I know that it's scary, okay?
But guess who's gonna be right
by your side the entire time.
- Who? Great.
- Me.
And I'm gonna be a great mom.
Mm-hmm.
Nathan,
if it makes you feel better,
when your water breaks,
it doesn't have to be water.
Gatorade. Merlot.
Chocolate milk.
Whatever makes you feel
most comfortable.
- Where would that
even come out of?
- Your anus.
- Okay. He's in.
- Mm-mm.
Um, I will have no part of this,
so I'm just gonna go.
Nathan, Nathan, hey.
Honey, we're a team, right?
Now prove it.
Look, if you need this to happen
right now,
then you can raise
your own clone, okay?
Otherwise... mm-mm.
Clones aren't legal.
Nathan needs to contribute
a little bit of his info--
even one percent would do--
so that it's a new human,
and also so that he's
financially liable, too.
Nathan, will you try to, for me?
Ingrid...
Bambi Kannerman.
I don't want a baby.
And I don't want a girlfriend.
What?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You don't...
You-you don't mean that,
and you can't say that, okay?
- Not when I am this close,
damn it.
- This close?
Okay, Nathan, I have felt
more guilty about your death
than you will ever know, but...
I have a surprise
for you.
- Oh, my God. No Brioni
gift card. No Brioni gift card.
- Baby, it's not...
No, no, it's better.
It's better than that, okay?
Nathan...
we have a way out.
I have been growing your body
back to life,
and it is 98% done.
Um...
- What?
- You're welcome.
You can finally download
and come home.
Can't you just picture it?
Holding your mother
in your arms again.
Holding Nevaeh in your arms.
Holding me in your arms.
What are you talking about?
Ingrid, you're dead.
Second surprise.
I'm hug-suiting it, babe.
I have been the whole time.
Look at your face.
Pretty good, huh?
I owe you nothing.
Hmm?
Goodbye.
Wait. What do...
- What do you mean?
Nathan.
Wh-Where are you going?
Will you...
Nathan, come back!
- Can I say something?
- Ivan, look.
You're cool, man. I like you.
- But it's never gonna...
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I've actually never been
less attracted to you
than I am right now.
- Wait, what?
- I just want to say
that I admire who you've become,
the leader that
you're turning into.
Oh.
Thanks.
I actually...
I really appreciate that.
Sorry, I thought it was
the other thing.
Yeah, I'm not attracted
to people that I respect.
Like, literally never.
Oh.
I look up to you, Nora.
But I fuck down.
You know, the Roomba's
pretty great, though.
Yeah, Monique is awesome.
Remember, phone stays
in the car.
Antony, we got to go, come on.
We got no time.
Uh... Yeah, just-just one sec.
I-I, um...
It's my sister.
Oh. Uh, yeah, we can wait.
I don't have much time.
What's up?
- It's done.
- What?
Me and Ingrid, okay?
We're done. Finished.
And-and you can believe it,
because, guess what,
- she's not dead.
- Wait, what are you
talking about?
Yeah, she's alive, Nora.
Ingrid is alive.
She's-she's been holed up
in a hug suit for months.
- No.
- Yes.
That's so fucked-up.
Right? Thank you.
Oh, and-and there's more.
Okay, they have my body
back in L.A.,
and she's growing
a new head on it
for me to download back into.
Holy shit.
So, I mean...
I have to try.
Wait, what?
You-you can't download, Nathan.
That's insane.
I mean, do you remember
what happened to the last guy?
Remember Rupert?
"Fuck science." Boom.
I mean, people have tattoos
of him exploding.
Yeah, yeah, I know,
but they've been
experimenting successfully
on pigeons.
All right? At least 80 of them
are still alive.
- Out of how many?
- 700.
- 700?
- Yeah, but of those 700,
400 of them made it
at least 24 hours.
That's amazing.
What happens after 24 hours?
Hey, are you okay, little buddy?
Look, you'd be crazy
to download now.
Nora, 24 hours is enough time
for me to use my retinas
- and break into Freeyond.
- No.
- I have to do it.
No, there's got to be
a better way.
And why would Ingrid
just give us your body?
All right? She'd rather burn it.
Oh, we're gonna have to steal
it, I just don't know how yet.
I know how.
What's up, Nathan?
Come on, Nora. I know
you don't have a sister.
I stalk you on social media.
Hi, Ivan.
Look, there's Ludds
in L.A., too.
If we can get Pastor Rob
on our side,
I think we got this.
- You really think he'd help?
- Positive.
Remember I was gonna be
a lawyer?
I can be pretty persuasive
when I want to be.
How dare you!
Download is worse blasphemy
than upload.
Only one download ever occurred.
And it was Christ our Lord.
And Christians are called upon
to act,
like Christ.
And Nathan is willing to risk
his head exploding
to save the poor.
Do you have any idea
what he's giving up?
I mean, yeah, you call it
blasphemy,
but for the lucky who get
to upload, it is luxury.
And he's tasted it.
I mean, would you leave heaven
to save the rest of us?
I'll come.
Thanks, Rejoyce.
Matteo?
We need your side, too.
I need you.
Please.
You seriously think I'm gonna
help you bring your ex-boyfriend
back to life?
You think I'm that much
of a wilsmith?
So, you only want to help
the masses if I sleep with you?
What? I'm-I'm... No.
That's not... I.. That's...
I didn't say that at all.
You're twisting it.
Mm. Sounds to me
like she got it right.
I...
I would never... That's...
Yeah, I'm not gonna win this.
You win the way we all win:
stopping Freeyond.
We know what to do.
Burn them down.
No.
There are 600 locations
scattered in swing states
and two days left.
We need to knock out
the whole thing all at once.
And to do that,
we have to get Nathan's body
from Los Angeles.
I'll help. Of course I'll help.
Never said I wouldn't.
I have a guy planted
in the Hyperloop.
We can be in L.A. tonight.
How's that?
Hollywood? Take me with you.
Just shut up and dig, Boris.
- You excited for me, Nevaeh?
Tons.
I'll miss you, though.
Aw. Don't.
You're just sending me ahead.
By the time that you're
an old woman,
I will have built a huge house
for our whole family to live in.
Can Uncle Nathan come, too?
Yes, but it's a surprise,
so don't tell him
what I'm doing.
Shouldn't you tell him?
He usually has better instincts
than you.
I will remember that, Nevaeh,
and your digital room
just shrank by a half.
♪ This my house, come on...
Welcome to paradise.
- This is gonna be epic.
- Yeah.
Been here many times.
Little loud.
- Come on, man.
Show me a little respect.
I'm taking you in.
You're right.
I'm sorry. Thank you.
Where can I throw my shoes?
Right, uh, there is fine.
I mean, you know, whatever.
It's chill here.
Um...
Look, there's
something you should know.
I do it, too. It's totally fine.
No. No, not that.
Um...
I might be leaving
sooner than later.
Okay, but you're coming back
for dinner, right?
Because I'm ordering us
some turkey burgers, and...
I have
cookie dough.
That actually sounds
really good,
but, um...
No, I mean, like...
like, leaving-leaving.
I'm downloading.
But...
you're coming back, right?
I don't know.
- [
- God.
Luke.
This is the New York/Los Angeles
3:00 p.m. Hyperloop.
Next stop, Indianapolis.
What are we gonna do
for four hours?
I don't know, maybe we could,
uh...
...you know, go over a few
things in our relationship.
Try to figure out
what went wrong.
- Ooh, there's Wi-Fi.
...15.
- Yes.
- Oh.
I'll talk to you
about your relationship, bro.
What's your favorite fetish?
Okay, I meet them
in the Grey Zone, right?
Did you tell Luke?
Yeah. There was a lot of crying.
The program was literally
running out of tissues.
Shh. We're right outside.
Excuse me. Hi,
there's some dick outside
spray-painting the wall
right now.
I just thought you should know.
Yeah, like, right now.
- Hi. Hands up. Move back.
Keep going. On the floor.
- Wait, you're the dick?
- Just get on the floor.
Good. You're doing great.
Tie him up.
Hey, a bunch of these
are upside down.
Look, Nathan, help me find
which ass is yours.
Well, it's very tight.
Pretty toned.
At least it was,
the last time I saw it.
Probably still is, right?
No, that's not it.
Oh, God. Please don't be me.
Please don't be me.
No, that's not me.
Aw, come on, Nora.
That's not mine.
- Baby.
- Shh.
- What?
- Baby, hi, baby.
- Can't you hear that?
That noise, where do I know
that noise from?
You're all done now.
Let me get those tubes for you,
all nice and comfy.
Huh? I brought a present
for you, Brownie.
That's right.
Are you so excited, baby?
They're Brioni.
They're your favorite.
We're gonna be together
again, okay?
Just you and me.
Does that make you happy?
Yeah?
I just have to move you
in case they come
and try and take you from me.
Oh, God.
Your abs have gotten so flabby
- since you've been
in this tub.
Ingrid, no.
Norma?
What the hell
are you doing here?
Look, I-I met you six times,
but my-my name is Nora.
- Yeah, from impact yoga, right?
- What? No, no.
Ingrid, just please step away
from Nathan's body.
- It's an emergency.
- Uh-uh.
No. Nathan is mine, okay?
Why, why can't you
understand that?
It is not that hard to get,
Nara.
Ingrid, look,
Nathan needs to download now,
or millions
of real people's lives
are gonna be in real danger.
No, you're lying.
- Just get away from us, okay?
- Hey.
We got to go.
What's the holdup?
He is all I have...!
Good Lord.
Hey, wait.
No, no, don't pull that!
The computer's still controlling
his life functions
because the head is empty.
If she pulls that out...
Matteo, put the gun down now.
Hey, Ingrid.
Look, I'm not,
I'm not judging you.
You grew up with wealth
a-and beauty.
And people think your life is
full of happiness.
They don't know
that you worked hard for it.
But I know.
I see a woman with great heart
who really cares about Nathan
and-and wants him to be happy.
You're an amazing person
who will find true love one day,
a love that'll seem easy
and not hard work.
Look, I see that coming for you,
Ingrid Kannerman.
- But right-right now,
i-in this moment,
we-we need your help.
Please, please, look,
it-it's not...
it's not for me or anyone here.
There are good people
that are in harm's way
from some greedy,
powerful people
that I think you know.
But I know you.
You're a good one
who will help us, so...
so help us bring Nathan Brown
back to life,
back to us and back to you.
The real you.
Not-not this you.
You're good.
- Nathan.
It's time.
The Grey Zone.
Now.
Ow.
All right.
Wow, good for you.
- Need help?
- Nope.
I got it.
You sure?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Just got to get
a different angle here.
There we go.
Nora.
What's happening?
Give it to me straight.
How are my abs looking?
- All right.
- Oh!
New approach.
Is he okay?
It sounds like he needs help.
Somebody should probably
help him.
I'm good.
Okay, I need help.
- I need help.
- Okay, Grey Zone's ahead.
Hey! Hey, no!
You cannot go there!
Sorry, I don't think so.
You're not allowed in that area.
Hey, hey! No!
It's cool, buddy. It's all good.
It's good.
I'm with him.
Wait, what?
Who the fuck are you?
My name is Boris Netherlands.
I'm here to save your life.
We got to get to
the Grey Zone download
before the system knows
we're missing.
And scene.
Hello,
I'm Officer Jennifer Garner,
an automated system with
the voice of Jennifer Garner
that can handle
complete emergencies.
- Your call is very important
to us,
and it will be recorded to
help us catch whoever is doing
whatever to you now.
Let's start with your location.
Oprime numero dos para español.
Help!
I can't believe
this is happening.
Well, believe it.
Hey.
- Can I watch from over there?
- Yeah.
Do you want to get, like,
some drinks after that, maybe?
- Don't even.
- That was a bad time, right?
- God.
- Yeah, sorry.
Okay. We're ready.
- Mm-hmm.
- Uh, wait.
He's not balanced on the chair.
Nora, grab his arm.
Everything set?
Do it.
- In three... Two...
- One.
I got him.
Shit, I lost him.
I can't find
his consciousness now.
I... I just had it here.
- Damn it.
Find it.
He should've woken up by now.
Goddamn it.
Piece of cake.
Um...
Hello, boyfriend.
I'm sorry, that-that's not fair.
You did dump me this morning.
I can see you've
really gotten over it.
Ingrid.
All I ever wanted was for you to
look at me like you look at her.
Ingrid, I'm sorry.
Thank you.
You take real good care
of this client.
Okay? I'll pay extra.
We got to go, right now.
Come on.
- I'm so sorry.
- Seriously? Wait, I...
But didn't he just download?
Just in case! Okay?
Just in case.
All right.
All right, we got
three compartments
back to New York, so, Nora,
I figured you share with Rejoyce
and I'll bunk with Nathan.
Uh...
Just kidding.
- You guys take, uh,
compartment three.
Oh, um...
You can have the bed,
I'll, uh, take the floor.
Nobody bought that.
Probably not.
So...
Here we are.
Yeah.
I've been dreaming about this,
and now that it's here, I'm...
I'm a little nervous.
What happens in your dream?
Well...
You start by standing
really close to me
and looking at me really softly.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, like that.
And, um...
and then you lean into me.
I like that. Just like that.
That's nice.
And then you turn into
my eighth grade algebra teacher.
It gets really weird, I know.
And then you fall into a ditch.
I've just really been...
Mmm.
You smell amazing.
I had no idea.
I smelled your T-shirt, so...
I kind of knew this would work.
How is this gonna work?
Um... maybe there?
- Oh.
- Mm.
Oh. Well, that's narrow.
Uh, well, I mean, I could...
sleep on the floor for real,
if you want.
Oh, don't be an idiot.
I'm not missing out on this.
Just means we'll have to lie
right on top of each other.
That is a sacrifice
that I am willing to make.
Oh, my T-shirt.
Wait, am I too heavy?
No.
Not even a little.
All right, wait. Are my knees...
are my knees poking you?
- If they're,
if they're sharp...
- No.
I love your knees.
Your knees are the best.
Is this okay?
It's not too awkward?
No, it's perfect.
Yeah.
I am a fruit that grows
on a tree.
Finish my letters
and you'll spell me!
God, wake me the fuck up
right now!
Lucy.
- You have a second?
- What's up?
I thought about it,
and I want to choose...
the apartment.
New world, new street,
new foods.
You know what this means, right?
Leeshy's on Horizen's
golden leash?
Leeshy's on the leash.
Yay! We're gonna have
dinner parties,
and I'll introduce you
to everybody on the block.
It's really a terrific block.
- And we'll turn you
into the new me...!
Oh, okay.
Batia.
Hey, so I usually start my day
by checking in on Mr. Brown.
Nathan. Nothing weird.
It's not like I'm obsessed
with him or anything.
That would be
inappropriate.
Or would it, though,
do you think?
Anyway, um, he's nowhere
in the system,
and, um...
there's no record of him
ever leaving.
He fell in a glitch.
Okay. What do I do?
Restart from auto-backup
and don't tell anyone.
Okay.
Ah, don't worry, Brownie.
It's gonna take us
a tiny bit longer
than we expected,
but I'm a really good mommy,
and I've got you.
And nobody is gonna stop us.
Especially Norma.
This is so stupid.
You did it. Yay! Go you!
Mm-hmm.
I'm purple, tasty, sweet, yum.
I'm not a peach, but I'm a...
Plue?
"Ploot"?
"Ploom." Ploom?
- Skip.
I'm curved, yellow and long.
Eat me up and stay very strong.
I believe...
- Bingo! Yeah!
- Ho!